Marines coming in get instantly taken
out how lean is going to be able to
offer some damage as the tanks doing so
much damage now the Marines are up here
trying to take out the tanks getting
right in but barzinis doing so much
damage he's trying to run but there's a
good game and it looks like Thor Zane
when's a convincing game one it's a big
siege tank shot they're taking world and
this is not a good idea one with Vance
you seizing up you need to pick up the
Marines maybe but there are already
tanks they're finishing up with the good
game wall plate as it is Thor's ain't
gonna move into the finals here huge
amount s used to try to repair but look
at the unit count from Adele Scott for
sale of streaming in the sed s trying to
repair but develop are working through
them and poor Zane is getting completely
overrun there's the food game and
there's the push at the front and the
warp in from the back of the base at the
same time an EMP his most of the units
at the back side but the bunkers are
forced to unload and move in yet again
so little thrust and parry Thor's aim
forced to move back down but that does
can stop zealots from being warping yet
again this is l account in the main base
is insane getting up to nine here
getting to do their work some nice horse
fields who bears the EMP the huge damage
on all those Venus more self strive to
get warped in but look at that infantry
count by pausing mom tearing everything
to shreds and there is a good gauge
amount of units for our Protoss player
in the back with some really abusing the
mobility
eerie units of using the mobility of his
medevacs at home so nothing too
threatening at this point but here comes
the huge push right now from Thor vaina
oh add else got caught out of position
zealots getting it taken out medevacs
looks like they're almost drained but
these are doing so much damage DS plus 1
marina Marauders and there is the good
game Colossus oh my it looks like this
is going to be it moving forward cross I
trying to do a lot of damage getting hit
by the Vikings when moving forward the
game we units buffering a lot of damage
of and actually the Vikings cutting away
the escape route of the stalker sitive
and there's the good game Thor Zane with
a capital g g